---
title: VEN vs LCS | 2025-02-24
aliases: VEN vs LCS | 2025-02-24
date: 2025-02-24
tags:
  - VEN
  - LCS
  - scrimm
---
## Game 1
### Pre-game

- Runes: Adc should have absorb life and second wind vs heavy poke + out-ranged
- Ward: Braum should have yellow trinket vs poke, mid no wards at 13
- Flips: Renekton 2 flips in toplane and flips on botlane

### Timings

- **01:00** -  Adc shouldn't go put a where alone vs no vision
- **04:00** -  Flip in scuttle fight
- **05:20** - Mid 0 wards + Adc low hp should recall because skarner is botside
- **06:20** - Recall since cross-map play happening in topside (grubs) + low hp
- **08:10** - Respect the wave bounce + Positioning
- **09:30** - Flip in botlane 2v3 when enemy jungler is botside
- **10:15** - Adc and mid should swap for 2nd grubs
- **10:30** - 2nd grubs fight, we should help renekton get prio and play with him. We give prio for no reason
- **11:00** -  Mid should recall has 1st item spike + tp and a spike for objective
- **12:00** - Adc should recall had already 1st item on base + good recall
- **13:50** - Whyd o we gank bot? flip 3v3 under enemy tower with no objectives up
- **15:40** - Good flip (still a flip) but we did not know about enemy junglr and support + after the play renekton should base tp for herald
- **17:40** - Syndra trolls, we flip mid instead of taking drake
- **19:40** - Why do we get picked off on mid lane when we see 3 guys on vision?
- **23:40** - Good pick on skarner, but bad engage on enemy botlane. Kill skarner into drake
- **26:50** - We should go mid after clreaing the vision isntead of hiding in the jungle, we give away mid pressure for what?
- **30:00** - Wasting abilities when not needed, Syndra E is into Skarner E not 4fun, we call to give syndra but 2 guys int with her
- **38::00** - We make baron, why we dont 1 3 1 and wait for side lanes to break tower?
- **39:00** - 4fun fighting in midlane when adc is bot and renekton is top, we use important abilities to engage on enemy team when we just need to chill?
- **42:00** - Syndra remembers that there is a sidelane on the game

## Game 2

### Pre-game

- Jungle Pathing: Why play for botside?

### Timings

- **02:50** - Poppy should recall here instead of watching ambessa farm
- **03:20** - Botlane should respect maokai on botside after invade
- **05:20** - Another free recall for poppy
- **06:00** - Wukong a dar leash ao maokai no drake
- **07:30** - Top wave is neutral, we should 3v3 for grubs we have orianna R it is free, if a play is happening top we should not make a play bot
- **09:00** - Flip botlane, we should not shove the cannon wave
- **09:50** - Poppy makes a bad decision using W, if ambessa hit her R poppy was dead
- **11:00** - 4fun tp from poppy, why tp when wave is bouncing and enemy laner has no tp?
- **11:25** - Flip on botlane, we should NEVER fights this. Botlane has low hp + 3v3 fight when they are ahead
- **15:50** - Herald is free because maokai is bot, we survive the dive but jungler keeps farming instead of objective
- **16:00** - Botlane should recall, maokai can redive and it is a cannon wave we lose tower either way but could not give 2 kills

## Game 3

### Pre-game

- Draft was inting instead of camile we should ban alistar and pick gnar, milio pick is weird.
- Summs: Camile should have flash + tp
- Runes: Camile can't make short trades vs mordekaiser, she should take Conqueror instead of grasp, Diana should take counqueror instead of electrocute vs 2 tanks +juggernaut
- Jungle Pathing: Why play for topside?

### Timings

- **00:40** - No one covering topside babana bush entrance
- **01:00** - Why galio blind check bush lvl 1? Why does diana follow up?
- **03:00** - Same proble as last game, wrong pathing = get invaded after 3 camps, top shouldn't rotate to help jungle, it is losing and wave is bouncing to the enemy
- **04:15** - Why si camile hitting the tower when she has a free recall
- **06:30** - 0 jungle tracking, full auto pilot, 0 wave managment from toplane
- **07:00** - Gali should recall isntead of going mid
- **07:15** - We know sejuanni is topside, why does milio fights river 1v2 and xayah does not shove the waves and rotate drake ?
- **10:15** - Or bot recalls and does not take the plate (to match kai'sa tempo on the map) or instead of taking only 1 wave takes 2 non cannon waves.
- **10:30** - Bot swaps with mid to do grubs, why are we forcing topside 1v1 using all the escape abilities?
- **11:20** - What should be a free grubs for us, we troll it and give them to the enemies getting us nothing.
- **11:50** - Individual plays ruinning the game, we see 3 guys topside why do we full commit 1v3 topside?
- **13:30** - We should ALL recall to match the tempo, enemy team can't do drake because no jungler and can't take mid tower because no wave.
- **15:50** - We commit 2v2 topside instead of 3v2 on midlaner with the fed adc, make a losing herald call and give away the game
- **16:30** - We don't know how to play teamfights, camile using everything on mordekaiser when galio has HUGE flank on kai'sa and could have follow for camile E + R, Diana and Camile saving R for next game instea of commiting. Watch Highlight below: <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/BurBmU6jrWo?si=aORoSdCvmTK9YRqt" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
- **17:20** - Milio 1v2 yasuo + sejuanni?? tower was down either way, just survive
- **18:00** - Once again invading without vision / properly clearing enemy vision
- **24:20** - Too deep in midfight, Xayah has no R and we have no vision
- **25:25** - Sidelane 101, never shove waves without vision or pressure in the other lanes
- **26:00** - Why we should take conqueror on diana tank
- **27:15** - Infinite chase without vision
- **28:20** - Weird galio tp, wrong palce to tp